Add generic observation processes which combine the convolution with the noise model. (#644)
CDCgov/multisignal-epi-inference: docs/tutorials/observation_processes_counts.qmd

```{python}
# | label: poisson-realizations
# Sample multiple realizations with Poisson noise
n_replicates_poisson = 10

poisson_results = []
for seed in range(n_replicates_poisson):
    with numpyro.handlers.seed(rng_seed=seed):
        poisson_temp = hosp_process_poisson.sample(
            infections=infections_constant,
            obs=None,
        )

    for i, admit in enumerate(poisson_temp.observed[day_one:]):
        poisson_results.append(
            {
                "day": i,
                "admissions": float(admit),
                "replicate": seed,
            }
        )
```

<details>
<summary>Show code</summary>
```{python}
# | label: plot-poisson-realizations
poisson_df = pd.DataFrame(poisson_results)

plot_poisson = (
    p9.ggplot(poisson_df, p9.aes(x="day", y="admissions", group="replicate"))
    + p9.geom_line(alpha=0.5, size=0.8, color="steelblue")
    + p9.labs(
        x="Day",
        y="Hospital Admissions",
        title="Poisson Noise Model (Variance = Mean)",
    )
    + p9.theme_grey()
    + p9.ylim(0, 105)
)
```
</details>

> To see the reduction in noise, it is ncessary to keep the y-axis on the same scale as in the previous plot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the reduction in noise, it is necessary to keep the y-axis on the same scale as in the previous plot.
```

The delay distribution specifies the probability that an infected person is hospitalized $d$ days after infection, conditional on the infection leading to a hospitalization.
For example, if `hosp_delay_pmf[5] = 0.2`, then 20% of infections that result in hospitalization will appear as hospital admissions 5 days after infection.

> We load a delay distribution from PyRenew's datasets which peaks around day 8-9 post-infection, compute summary statistics, and plot it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We load a delay distribution from PyRenew's example datasets, compute summary statistics, and plot it. The distribution peaks around day 8-9 post-infection.
```
